hey y'all yeah in my Paula Dean balls
hey y'all
okay I'm gonna show you guys how I cook
my catfish everybody of course
definitely some / - you guys have to
cook some good crispy losing on the
style catfish my way okay see can't see
see anyway what my lighting is okay
because anyway anyway what you want to
do a : go step-by-step but of course you
want to wash your fish and I see
it's all one thing beautiful yard got
this from my local h-e-b as you can see
they're really thick so first of course
you wash your fish okay inside to make
sure there's no little blood or go for
anything in there so you want to watch
it really good inside okay now after you
have it rinsed your fish I'm gonna put
on a paper towel and make sure this is
dry make sure there's no one who only
using good paper towels okay you don't
want to paper towels cotton important to
be on upon your fish so I've you bet
you're on catfish you know drown your
paper towels
of course you put on on the plate or
whatever you want to season it of course
you can season it with whatever you want
to but I use garlic powder and this is a
croaker band of just the chest cook
Chesapeake Chesapeake Bay style just
like oh babe it's so notice another arms
it's just like Old Bay seasoning I ran
out of okay so yeah you want to use that
now what you do is of course you season
it on both sides make sure you get the
inside of the fish okay and what I do
also not only because these are thick
but I want the flavor to go all the way
through my fish I just get a fork and
just punch holes in it you just like
Panther seasoning inside of the fish the
fish trust me is gonna make a difference
you want to do that okay now you're a
lot of different oils people use the
fried with I like to fry my catfish with
our vegetable oil because it's arms
gonna cook crispy and you can also you
well some people like to use on what
they say the canola oil to me canola oil
is really thick it takes longer to fry
so I like to use canola oil like if I'm
frying like bigger cuts of meat like
reals
so I like to use my canola oil or peanut
oil of course it's another big brain of
all I used it with my husband use it
when he's frying like whole turkeys or
turkey legs outside so I would suggest
using vegetable or now I'm gonna be
using I shouldn't see my arm deep fryer
I guess I got my deep fryer from
chef Holly I'm sorry Alice I'm trying to
concentrate from chef Holly if you don't
have a deep fryer another thing that's
really important is the type of pan you
use you want to use the good thick you
know pan like this or you can use and I
can't pick this bad boy up these big
cast iron you want to use a good solid
pop trust me it makes the difference now
I'm going to go ahead and the light came
right species I'm go ahead and put my
fish in here this is just flour that's
another thing I like to use no cornmeal
I don't like all of that crust and milla
stuff on my fish I just want good clean
crispy fish and again this you some our
purpose all-purpose flour you want to
put in a container like this with the
top put the fish in here and shake it up
and coat it and I'll be back
yeah I've heard of Johnson getting my
light in oh my how to do this over all
right then okay yeah I'll part does my
lighting but I shouldn't say I have the
first one out now as you can see this is
a smaller fire so I'm gonna be cooking
these on catfish is one by one now if
you want to put them out together you
can use a bigger pot like this one you
don't want to overcrowd it so three
should fit in here if you were to go
there out so in a way y'all death levels
to this so what I'm gonna do is take the
first one out
can I see the Normans what I'm gonna
take this one out bit my tongue
there's how's that we look okay now I
also really fast shipping seven board to
be laying it on a container like this
this is just a simple on baking for
microwave thing did you fry baking on in
the microwave because she wants your own
inner fry of course you want to drain
away from there you don't want to just
lay it on paper towels never do that or
you can also use re-erect like this and
you know we put it on paper ties at the
bottom for easy cleanup you can do like
this and I'm going to show you also how
I did the fish I also really quick the
reason this one look like this as you
can see it's not overcrowded once I took
it out of here I've had all of it extra
flour off now if you want it to be
totally for the flower of course you can
just get it good and hold it in here or
however you choose to coated and nothing
just leave all of this flower on here
like that and just fry it but again I'm
going too long you want to make sure
it's in the inset also but I'm just
going to arm like I said I'm like are
they coating on my fish I'm going to
take some of it out and I'm going to
drop it in the fryer
because the child is on I love my team
I'm just going to drop it in you just
push the tail down you can cut your tail
up if you want to cut it off with I
don't cut mine dog also I want to show
you I also mean you cook fish you want
your kids to be thank you know you got
your fish to be on season wheels and the
top is awesome man he's gonna use it put
hot sauce nice crazy its frames red-hot
now total sausage you want to eat tartar
sauce
I would get a good tour the sauce if you
don't know how to make Twitter sauce
homemade but um this one it's the one
that you want to have you don't want to
do this no crap that fries about my
future Raider this was from a cook over
so I'm gonna be throwing it out you
don't want this is just mayonnaise to me
that's me I liked it yeah you want to
get you a good Lucy on on tour the self
now these are hard to find
you might wanna shake I'm in takes the
same I'm gonna check your fiesta so
you're h-e-b so yeah I hope these tips
help you guys definitely fun little day
I hope I said it right I probably did
let me go cuz my life in bed okay yeah
I'm with the finished product
oh yeah my lighting that's the finished
product and she can see this one here
has a little bit more flour on it I live
for a little bit on it so you can see
the difference it's not overcrowd a bit
of flour just plain hot kept this with
some big hat I eat that on
everything alright John